---
title: Vascularization
---

# Vascularization

My MEng and PhD theses were about the design of vascular networks for tissue engineering, and I still provide support to experimental groups regarding this, as well as exploring applications in imaging and industrial reactions.

## Contributions
- _'Procedural Generation of Vascular Networks for Tissue Engineering'_ (PhD thesis, submitted Sep 2022).
- _Vascular.Networks_: 
  a collection of libraries for laying out biomimetic channel networks within arbitrary domains, optimizing them for various costs, and ensuring that they are fluidically distinct and manufacturable.
  - <span class="bi-code-slash"></span> [Source](https://github.com/andrewaguy/vascular-networks/)
  - <span class="bi-box-seam"></span> [Package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/vascular.networks/)
  
## Collaborations
I have a few ongoing theoretical and practical collaborations, mostly aimed at identifying issues and areas of improvement for the _Vascular.Networks_ project.
If you have an interesting novel manufacturing technique or application for my software, get in touch with me about establishing a collaboration.
Otherwise, I am available to hire on a [consulting basis](/consulting) for commercial projects.

- *Cambridge University Engineering Department* --- multicasting cell-laden gels around 3D printed templates to create constructs with perfusable channels.
- *Centre for Advanced Biomedical Imaging, University College London* --- generating ground-truth training data from scratch and adding vessels to scan data.
- *3B's Institute, University of Minho* --- laser ablation and seeding cells on channel walls in hydrogel.

## Publications
1. **A. A. Guy**, A. W. Justin, D. M. Aguilar-Garza, and A. E. Markaki, _‘3D Printable Vascular Networks Generated by Accelerated Constrained Constructive Optimization for Tissue Engineering’_, IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering, vol. 67, no. 6, pp. 1650–1663, Jun. 2020, [DOI: 10.1109/TBME.2019.2942313](https://doi.org/10.1109/TBME.2019.2942313)
